Personal Tasks:

	User Reports:
		
		1) Currently, reports are generated for every unique interest, expertise, group, resource, and industry
			
			a) Every user that falls under the unique categories mentioned above are placed in the corresponding csv report file
				
				i) Users are sorted by descending activity score
		
		
		2) Future Possibilities:
			
			a) We can look at a user's interests and match them to other users (those who are relitively active) whom have a relating expertise, resource, or industry and suggest connections between users

				i) We can also consider user location as well
			
			b) We can create email lists based on the recommendations from (2,a) to send out to unique users that suggest further activity/connection within the site
			
			c) We can suggest users to join groups that are relavent to their interests, resources, industry
			
			d) We can create email lists of users with low activity score, or those who have been inactive for a certain period of time, suggesting them to visit/participate within the site
			

	Help Desk page:
		
		1) How do we actually create an html page to start working with?
			
			a) I see that the design tab is there and serves as a basic template, but I'm unaware how to create the source code to start working/implementing this

	Co-working page:
		
		1) Access to image hosting for the site.
			
			a) Where are we hosting the images. Does it matter where the images are being hosted? Public? Private?
			
	Podcasts:
		
		1) I haven't forgotten about this task, just have been focussing on the report generation
		
	Mobile Page Formatting:
		
		1) Is this something I should continue to hold off on? Or should I work on a single page (coworking) to show why this would be an important issue to work on?




Discussion Notes:

	Help Desk page:
			
		1) Use the tabular design on hivebrite page

		2)Features header image, help button, and sections for 3 videos

		3) have button hyperlinked to type form

	User Reports:

	create a report for each group (w/ exclusions from specified groups [help desk, policy, moderators])
		interests, industry, location

	where people are, what position they are and the clusters they fall into

		understanding their industry and their levels of expertise

		MAKE IT EASIER TO READ

			focus on statistics point of view; numbers and percetnages of users

	hyperlinks can be generated from user profiles with the user ID's with the user/[USERID]


	per group:
		found % of people within certain interests, industries, etc
			complete breakdown of who (what kind of people) is in a group

	Mobile Page Formatting:
		
		1) Pause until app comes out.

	Podcasts:
		
		1) Pause until app comes out.
		